Title: About

----

Description: 

Juslin Maunula is a Helsinki based brand and creative collaboration between Fashion Designer Laura Juslin and Architect Lilli Maunula. Juslin Maunula focuses on clothing, accessories and spatial installations. Alongside their own collection Juslin Maunula offers design services and creative consulting. Laura has the main responsibility of womenswear collections while Lilli focuses on spatial design, and accessories. The designers believe in collaborative decision making and support each other throughout the design process.

----

Contact: 

E   laura@juslinmaunula.com
T   +358 40 576 3593

E   lilli@juslinmaunula.com
T   +358 50 573 8283

----

LauraBio: ####Laura Juslin

Laura Juslin graduated from the Aalto University School of Art, Design and Architecture in 2012. 

Her personal design style is characterized by clean simplicity and the aim for harmony of optimal shape, surface and cut. She uses carefully tuned colors often in the form of blocking, and structural self developed materials.

After presenting her awarded MA collection she was offered the position as Head Designer for a new Finnish label Siloa&Mook. In her work for Siloa&Mook she followed the brand’s vision to combine classic lines with high quality materials and vivid prints and mixed in the features that characterize her personal work such as storytelling, 3-dimensional hand-refined materials and the use of reindeer leather in a modern unexpected way.

Her work for Siloa&Mook has been featured in Vogue China, Women’s Wear Daily, Dazed and Confused and numerous other publications. Her collections have also been showcased in various exhibitions such as Nordic Passion in Seoul museum of modern art SeMA.

In 2015 she presented her first collection in collaboration with architect Lilli Maunula, which led the way to setting up a new company Juslin Maunula.

----

LilliBio: ####Lilli Maunula

Lilli Maunula has a multidiciplinary background and approach to her work, combining the fields of both Architecture and Fashion. Lilli holds a Master’s Degree in Architecture from Aalto University (2013) and has in addition to this completed studies at the Aalto University, Department of Fashion and Textile Design. She has a professional background in Fashion Styling, having worked in London for publications such as Dazed&Confused, AnOther Magazine and Harper’s Bazaar. Most recently she widened her experience into luxury retail architecture by working in Stockholm for the architectural practice Bozarthfornell on retail projects for clients such as Kenzo, Acne and Robert Clergerie. Lilli has great appreciation for clean and minimal architecture and  a deep interest for how space is experienced. With her work she seeks to turn a simple structural solution into a complex and surprising space. 

Laura Juslin and Lilli Maunula first met at Aalto University when both were admitted in the same year to the BA programme of Fashion and Textile design. Years later a mutual appreciation for each other’s work brought Laura and Lilli together again. The successful collaboration at Pre Helsinki 2015 led to the founding of the brand Juslin Maunula.
